# 429 project

## Week 1
### Auto-ML helper for marketing specialists
(project name is in progress)

### Value Proposition
Marketers often need to use machine learning models to evaluate sales, conversions, and business development. However, for these generally simple tasks, it is necessary to have a machine learning specialist. We offer a website that automatically processes incoming data in the most efficient way and allows you to use previously prepared bundles of model + preprocessing to process new data. The difference from the existing Auto ML solutions is that the existing ones are used for too wide a range of tasks and are too general to work effectively or require specialized knowledge.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
Auto ML website for a niche tasks. I like the idea. 
{{< /hint >}}

### Lean Startup Questionnaire

Marketers sometimes need data research in their work and either a separate employee or knowledge is needed for this. Our solution will allow us to conduct such research without attracting additional resources, since our solution will be understandable and automated. To determine the needs and tasks, we have scheduled interviews with SEZ marketers. Depending on their experience, we will adapt the product.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
Ok, this sounds good. 
{{< /hint >}}

### Leveraging AI, Open-Source, and Experts

Our project will be based on machine learning models to automate the user's task. The AI will select the necessary hyperparameters depending on the data entered by the user. For the validity of our solution, we will consider the functionality of existing projects and identify their weaknesses. And we will also use ready-made libraries for basic machine learning. To consult with the implementation of our project, we contacted a person working in the industry. We received advice, criticism and recommendations from him. And we will continue to cooperate with him to improve the project.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
Would you like to name this person? Or at least what is his domain of expertise? 
{{< /hint >}}

### Defining the Vision for Your Project

Marketers often need to use machine learning models to evaluate sales, conversions, and business development. However, for these generally simple tasks, it is necessary to have a machine learning specialist. We offer a website that automatically processes incoming data in the most efficient way and allows you to use previously prepared bundles of model + preprocessing to process new data. The difference from the existing Auto ML solutions is that the existing ones are used for too wide a range of tasks and are too general to work effectively or require specialized knowledge.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
Is it the same text as in value proposition? Ok 
{{< /hint >}}

As the project grows, we will have to switch to a fundamentally different architecture, since the current one assumes a search of hyperparameters optimized using the optima library (where hyperparameters are all stages of preprocessing, and the machine learning model, and its hyperparameters).  This is enough for now, but after the completion of the work within the capstone project, one of the more complex schemes will be used.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
I am still having a very vague idea what the project is about. Please consider adding more information do describe what are you building. So far I am not sure what is the product and what it will be doing 
{{< /hint >}}

### Technology Stack

##### Frontend:
HTML, CSS, JS, Figma
##### Backend:
Python, Django (can be changed), SQLite
##### ML part:
SciKit-Learn, Pandas, Optima, PyTorch

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
I've noticed that week 1 report was submitted on 18th, which is why we have not merged your project with the master. 
Week one report is vague and describes the project superficially. Please, consider adding more information about your project.   

Week one mark - 2/5
{{< /hint >}}

## Week 2

### Technical stack
1) Breakdown of components:
Our solution is represented by two server applications: the first is responsible for the site itself, the personal account and data loading, the second has large computing power and is responsible for working with data uploaded to users. They will exchange information about the work done and the work that needs to be done. We chose this configuration because of the need for large computing capacities and the need to scale them over time.
2) Data management:
General data about the user and his projects will be stored on the server with the site (presumably using SQL), and machine learning models will be stored on another server (the storage format has not yet been selected and will be based on the data required for saving). They will exchange requests and data among themselves.
3) User interface design:
Our designer is responsible for developing the design of the entire project. The interface is built taking into account ready-made solutions as references. At the moment, experiments are underway in Figma and the final layout is not ready.
4) Integration and API:
At this stage, we do not need an additional API. But our application architecture just implies using the API in the form of a special program on a computing cluster.
5) Scalability and performance: No
load test has been conducted yet, but scalability is at the heart of the architecture. In any case, the application can be installed on an additional server to increase performance.
6) Security and privacy:
It is planned to use asymmetric encryption to transfer all information and requests. It is also planned to store all user data in encrypted form so that data leakage does not have destructive consequences.
7) Error handling and fault tolerance:
Any non-critical errors will be logged for further processing. And a registry of unsolvable errors will be created and exceptions for them will be worked out. Moreover, this registry will be located on both applications since they perform different tasks.

### Team roles

Arina Zavelevich - UI/UX Designer
Aksinya Kochunova - Front-end
Ernest Mackewitch - Front-end
Rostislav Kulik - Back-end, team lead
Evgeny Sorokin - ML
Maxim Baranov - ML


### Questionnaire week 2:
Tech Stack Resources: we do not use specialized literature, first of all we work with Habr and other Internet resources. Probably, books will be needed on specific narrower areas, such as security, for example.

Mentorship Support: Danil Arapov, a 4th-year student, acts as a mentor for us, providing very significant information support as he has more knowledge on the topic of ML than ours.

Exploring Alternative Resources: Three main resources - Youtube, Habr, Kaggle
{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
It's good that you use this resources. However, consider expanding your reach to some professional literature as well. 
{{< /hint >}}

Learning Objectives: the main task of the project is to develop in the areas selected by the team members. So, for example, the part of the room engaged in ML will expand their knowledge, and the Front-end part will get a lot of useful experience. For better assimilation of new knowledge, the team regularly exchanges observations and experiences.


Sharing Knowledge with Peers: Yes, we organize the exchange of information found, although not always centralized (that is, not always in full). Most often, information is transmitted along the way.

AI: No, but the idea sounds promising. We'll try to use it.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
Unfortunately week 2 report is not very informative either. I am glad that you have found a mentor who helps you with the project. However, I am still not sure what project is about.

2/5 for the week
{{< /hint >}}

### Week 3 report

At this stage of development, the main focus is on the development of an ML model, currently working with some manual edits for classification and regression tasks. We transmit the dataset, get the result in the form of a machine learning model and preprocessing parameters. A good accuracy of using this data on the test part of the dataset is demonstrated. In the near future, this part will be translated into the OOP version.

In addition, the scheme of the files and the interaction of the servers and the user for the exchange of this data has been thought out.

The design and user interface is also under development.

At this moment the project consists of several self-working prototypes. During the upcoming week we are going to unite them in MVP. Also, we have virtual server and domain name "click-ml.ru" for our project. This virtual server is responsive for site hosting. ML calculations that require GPU server on this stage will be executed on our local machines (laptops). This decision was made because of high prices of GPU servers.

{{< hint danger >}}

**Feedback by Rustam**  
This is again not very informative report. I liked the original idea, however, I am struggling to see if it's actually getting implemented in any way.  Why this models are doing regression? Is it a regression auto ML platform? Please provide more details on the subprototypes including screenshots and code snippets. 

Overall, 2/5 for the week. 
{{< /hint >}}