# **QuizCraft** 
Good day! We are the team of "QuizCraft" and we can help you test your knowledge in a specific area.

## **Team Members**

| Team Member               | Telegram ID   | Email Address                         |
|-----------------------    |---------------|---------------------                  |
| Arsen Mutalapov (Lead)    | system205     | a.mutalapov@innopolis.university      |
| Nagim Isyanbaev           | Nagim228      | n.isyanbaev@innopolis.university      |
| Viktor Kovalev            | blueberry138  | vi.kovalev@innopolis.university       |
| Kirill Korolev            | zaqbez39me    | k.korolev@innopolis.university        |
| Kiril Batyshchev          | kbatyshchev   | k.batyshchev@innopolis.university     |
| Gleb Kirillov             | Gelbas        | g.kirillov@innopolis.university       |

## **Value Proposition**
### **Problem**
The learning material is exhaustive sometimes. If one wants to study it perfectly, he or she needs an assessment. A short quiz is a good choice to do so, but it is not always provided right after the text or somewhere on the web.

### **Solution description**
A person can put the desired material, which might be large, to the system. After it, the system compose a quiz. The user is happy to check knowledge and answer the questions on the material that he or she has just studied. Moreover, it will be possible to try other quizzes generated by the users with another material on the simillar topic.

### **Benefits to Users**
All this helps people to figure out whether the material was successfully understood or they should study more. In addition, if a user wants to start learning a new book/article, it is better to pass a generated test first and find out that the material is very easy and not worth studying, for example.

### **Differentiation**
Firstly, it is barely possible to find an existing solution that provides a set of quizzes to study with at least one desired topic. Secondly, you can always generate your quizz on the specific given material and start passing it right after you visit our website.

### **User impact**
Generally, the website will represent a hub (a community) where to search for a specific topic to test your knowledge. So, instead of surfing the web, one can pick a desired topic and almost immediately pass a test and figure out the level of knowledge in a specific area. That is simillar to websites with programming tasks. A potential ranking system or statistics on passing the quizzes will help job requiters to separate the candidates as some of them do it now looking at the rank on CodeWars, LeetCode etc.

### **User Testimonials or Use Cases**
Exams, test, openended questions exist in each and every course. These are the fundamentals of knowledge assessment. To prepare for that students search for the simillar examples to try since the exams are about the course material. Quiz on a specific studying topic is what they want. With quiz hub and auto-generating they won't need to search a lot. It is very convinient to load the text and answer questions about it until you completely understand the material.

## **Lean Startup Questionnaire**

1. What problem or need does your software project address?  
    - *The knowledge testing is not exhaustive. There is a lack of tests.*
2. Who are your target users or customers? 
    - *Students, junior employees*
3. How will you validate and test your assumptions about the project? 
    - *Check the number of users visiting the website (and their time spent). Feedback from the users on the quality of quizzes.*
4. What metrics will you use to measure the success of your project? 
    - *Time spent on the site, number of quizzes to try by one user, number of users looked at a single quiz, total number of likes, and dislikes of a quiz and questions  individually*
5. How do you plan to iterate and pivot if necessary based on user feedback? 
    - *To shift the focus of development to a more specific type of questions that are more helpful and popular*

## **Leveraging AI, Open-Source, and Experts**

- AI (Artificial Intelligence): Large Language Models will analyze the text and generate the quiz.
- Open-Source: Open Source Libraries (Such as LangChain or Transformers) will provide the predefined AI models with the functionality around them.
- Experts in relevant domains: We will search for consultation on how llm models operate and how to tune them for our specific goal properly.

## **Inviting Other Students**

The potential of our project looks infinite.
- From the frontend side, it is always good to have more people to provide a pleasant user experience in each parth of the website.
- Backend model's generation of quizes quaility is never to be perfect. There may be so many input formats with its according parsing and handling. There is a wide field of training a model to better extract appropriate questions from the text accounting a potentially large context.
- On the server-side, plenty of microservices might be implemented. Handling subscriptions, business corporation management, search suggestion system, creating a personal learning path, new material generation and creation of courses, as a consequence.

Of course, all this is a future and far ahead of MVP. That's why yes, we are open for help. Anyone could look at the tracks above and join the team having enough competence.

## **Defining the Vision for Your Project**

### **Overview**
The project is a  website where a user can create a quiz or find a suitable one. If one needs more evaluation of the knowlendge in a specific topic, he/she cannot do anything but search for a quiz or test or google answers to open-ended questions from somewhere. That is not an easy task. That is why we provide a single place for all the quizes, which are generated **on demand**. You should **not search** anymore, just provide the material and here are the questions for you. Answer it or the site will provide the answers, and you'll be **better prepared** for the exam.

### **Schematic Drawings**
{{<mermaid>}}
stateDiagram-v2
    You --> LearnignMaterial: have

    You --> QuizGenerator : refer
    LearnignMaterial --> QuizGenerator : upload

    QuizGenerator --> Quiz : compose

    Quiz --> QuizStorage : save for community

    Quiz --> You : suggest to pass

    You --> QuizStorage : examine public quizes

    Quiz --> YourAccount : save your results
{{</mermaid>}}

### **Tech Stack**
Main language - **Python**. Your project utilizes machine learning models, which integrates well in Python world. Also, Python is easier to write and work with. 

Postgres database is well-known by the team and secure for our purposes.

Frontend - Flutter/Dart, HTML, CSS. Is is a compiled language, so that we won't have issues with the pages deployment. The team expertise is rather about Dart than JavaScript.

Deployment - Docker conatainers. It will help with scalability and performance.

### **Anticipating Future Problems**
Language based models are not as fast as we want. However, the multithreading may help resolve this issue in a certain manner, still tests have to be applied first. The potential of development is high, so we have to figure out the most essential part to implement first. Yet user experience may suffer if the functionality is complex. We will rethink the development process to simplify something if necessary. Finally, the model may behave badly in general. In this case, we will mostly concentrate on the types of questions it generates well and provide it as a major way for quiz generation.

### **Elaborate Explanations**
The main functionality is generating questions from the text or its embeddings. To achieve a good result we should think of and strictly define a format of questions, a way of extraction and text splitting, its context refining and handling. In a simple way the text may be split into sections, and the language model will generate few questions within each section. In addition, a model for evaluation the response of this generative model should take some actions. All this will allow to display the desired quiz to the user on the website. The backend for the site is a way to get learning information from the user and its answers to a quiz and send to the language model for evaluation. The uniqueness is achieved by generating from almost scratch without supervising.  



# **Feedback** 

{{< hint danger >}}
**Feedback** 


**Value Proposition**

Good Explanation. And a nice Idea. But have you consider the size of the material your app can handle. Beside how will you grade the quiz? What will be the format of the questions?

Uses cases stated are not correct. You need to give details how your product will be used and by whom exactly.

**Lean startup question**

The whole section very short, and you didn’t spent much time considering answering.
How will you act on the feedback, how will you iterate on it?

Targeted user: 

>Students, junior employees

Why?


**AI** 

What ML algorithm/modles will you use? 

**Vision Of The Project**

Good

**Overall**

The report is good. You need to reflect more on the business and operational side. Beside think more how AI going to help.

4/5
 

_Feedback by Moofiy_
{{< /hint >}}