---
title: "Week #6"
---

# **Week #6**

## **Presentation**:

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sQdFlV6jCHalhS8Rx3VTZcYyNIxSjUe_98Ff0pS3_TI

## **Weekly Progress Report**:

### **Challenges & Solutions**

1. Unexpected bugs of web interface with unclear origin.
   
   **Solution**: Unit tests to identify sources of problems.
2. Lack of suitable datasets for predictor of object position in the picture. This is necessary so that, for example, a light bulb does not end up on the floor.

   **Solution**: Creating our own dataset using the transparent_backgrounds model. The model was used to get pictures of objects without background + their position from real pictures from the internet - just what we need to train our model.
3. Implementation of the gallery in the web interface.

   **Solution**: Using a third-party library

### **Conclusions & Next Steps**

In the final weeks of the course, our team focused on polishing the project and adding last features that could improve it.
- Reworked the front-end with history (galleries), making the prompts more visual and intuitive, and giving it an overall more pleasing design
- Fixed bugs found
- Wrote a prototype of the object coordinates predicate model.
- Research on models for sanity check. The model predicting the probability that the picture is generated by a neural network - AIDE - was selected.
  
For the following week, we intend to focus on:

- Further testing, finding and fixing bugs
- Implementing a model for coordinate predicate in Pipeline
- Implementing a Sanity Check in Pipeline